[PRP-347] Participant Documentation (#114)
navapbc/wic-participant-recertification-portal: docs/participant/pages/04_details.md

# Details

### About this page:

> Users fill out "participant cards" (a repeatable fieldset) to collect detailed information about participants who are recertifying. This info will both help staff find the participant in M-SPIRIT and ensure we request the right kinds of documents. Because WIC participants do not know their household ID and using EBT # would require additional steps for staff, we will rely on the participant's name and date of birth as the data points staff can use to look up the participant in M-SPIRIT. We ask adjunctive eligibility per participant since it's possible one participant has it and another doesn't.

Reviewer: I think we should make this more generic. The audience is not necessarily a state using M-SPIRIT

```suggestion
Users fill out "participant cards" (a repeatable fieldset) to collect detailed information about participants who are recertifying. This info will both help staff find the participant in the MIS and ensure we request the right kinds of documents. Because WIC participants do not know their household ID and asking for their EBT # would require additional steps for staff, we rely on the participant's name and date of birth as the data points staff use to look up the participant in the MIS. We ask adjunctive eligibility per participant since it's possible one participant is adjunctively eligible and another is not.
```

### Considerations for other states:

> If your state is able to surface who is recertifying, for example by using MIS data, then you can avoid this and the /count pages all together and instead surface to the user who is recertifying.

Reviewer: Same comment as for count. Suggesting dropping this.

```suggestion
If your state is able to surface who is recertifying, for example by using MIS data, then you can avoid this and the /count pages all together and instead surface to the user who is recertifying.
```

Please add something like this:
```
- Replace the adjunctive eligibility question with the programs that qualify a participant for WIC adjunctive eligibility in your state
```

### Development

> The Details page renders a number of [`<ParticipantCard>`](../../../participant/app/components/ParticipantCard.tsx) components, initially based on the `?count` parameter in the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Details page renders a number of [`<ParticipantCard>`](../../../participant/app/components/ParticipantCard.tsx) components, initially based on the `?count` query parameter in the URL.
```
